(drumming)
(slow rock music)
- [Matt] Hey brah,
how we doin' man?
- [Karl] All right.
- [Matt] It's been a
while, man, life's so rad!
This band's my favorite,
man, don't you love them?
- [Karl] Yeah.
- [Matt] Aw man,
you want a beer?
- [Karl] All right.
- [Matt] Aw man,
this is the best.
I'm so glad we're all
back together and stuff.
This is great, man.
- [Karl] Yeah.
- [Matt] Hey, did you know
about the party after the show?
- [Karl] Yeah.
- [Matt] Aw man, it's gonna
be the best, I'm so stoked!
Take it easy brah!
♪ I'm me ♪
♪ Me be ♪
♪ Goddamn ♪
♪ I am ♪
♪ I can ♪
♪ Sing and ♪
♪ Hear me ♪
♪ Know me ♪
♪ If you want to
destroy my sweater ♪
♪ Hold this thread
as I walk away ♪
- [Mykel] Hey, what's up?
- [Karl] Not much.
- [Mykel] Um, did you
hear about the party?
- [Karl] Yeah.
- [Mykel] Um, I think
I'm gonna go but, um,
my friends don't
really wanna go.
Could I get a ride?
♪ Oh no ♪
♪ It go ♪
♪ It gone ♪
♪ Bye-Bye (Bye) ♪
♪ Who I ♪
♪ I think ♪
♪ I sink ♪
♪ And I die ♪
♪ If you want to
destroy my sweater ♪
♪ Whoa, whoa, whoa ♪
♪ Hold this thread
as I walk away ♪
♪ As I walk away ♪
♪ Watch me unravel,
I'll soon be naked ♪
♪ Lying on the floor,
lying on the floor ♪
♪ I've come undone ♪
(guitars strumming)
(guitar shredding)
♪ If you want to
destroy my sweater ♪
♪ Whoa, whoa, whoa ♪
♪ Pull this thread
as I walk away ♪
♪ As I walk away ♪
♪ Watch me unravel,
I'll soon be naked ♪
♪ Lying on the floor,
lying on the floor ♪
♪ I've come undone ♪
♪ I don't want ♪
♪ If you want ♪
♪ To destroy your tank-top ♪
♪ To destroy my sweater ♪
♪ Let's be friends ♪
♪ Hold this thread ♪
♪ And just walk away ♪
♪ As I walk away ♪
♪ Good to see you lying there ♪
♪ Watch me unravel ♪
♪ In your Superman skivvies ♪
♪ I'll soon be naked ♪
♪ Lying on the floor,
lying on the floor ♪
♪ I've come undone ♪
(energetic rock music)
(wordless vocalizing)